I am introducing a new feature but before that first I am describing what this earlier feature looks like which i am  going to make some changes in it.
In the content generated section after getting answered by clicking Gate answer button currently  in Ai response section there is a feature called generate presentation. it has option to select number of slide length and a button to generate presentation and after clicking on generate presentation AI generate content and the new section appears with all the generated content in a structured way in sectional wise.
Each slide is generated in separate section as per prompt instructions which I have provided, first slides contains information about the questions answer and brief summary about detailed answer.  this slide detail is taking context from the question and answer section provided by LLM at the first time. Slide Content are related to the topic asked in the question and the answer section.
 its slide section is selectable and user can select multiple slide at once. user have the option to either replace the content of the selected slide or expand the slide by getting more content from the LLM and it will be updated.
 so the new feature which currently I am trying to implement is as follows:-
After getting answer from AI when user has asked the question generate presentation button should be removed and it should be replaced with generate presentation outline.
 Generate  presentation outline will have following feature:-
After clicking on it it will generate a new section which will have the name of the topic and the sub topic related to the question and answer response from AI which LLM will use to generate presentation in next section. 
User will have the option to select Audi select multiple topic to generate content for the presentation from this newly created section.
 basically this outline section will be generated by taking context from the question and answer response which got generated by LLM previously.
This outline should have question topic at the first as well and if users selected this section then in content generated section first slide will be question answer and analysis of answer generated by AI in AI response section.  basically after generating the outline , content generator system should be the same as before.
In content editor section there is one more feature I want to add.
Currently there is a button called add section and its functionalities currently not working properly so add section functionality should be changed as follows:-
When user will click on the at section slide then a new section should be popped up and in this section usually presented with the topic other than previously selected topics from the outline section before generating presentation. User will be presented with the topic which has not selected previously for generating presentation content and other topic which was not present earlier in the outline section. Newly topics should a line Mod with professor level medical professional it should be more technical and topic context should be questions and answer section only.
 this add section functionality should have one more feature where user can provide topic name input field.
 once user selected newly topic from the ad section feature new slide will be generated and added to the content editor section.
 one more feature in content editor i want to add,  where user should have the option To reorder The generated slide.  and as per the code this content generated is following proper json structure format so reordering the slide should also change the order in JSON content because this JSON is being used to generate PDF and word document as well.
While adding these all features you have to go through the prompt and click the prompt which is present in src/Ai/flow folder also makes sure newly added feature is a aligned with current UI/UX design.
You also have to make sure that all these feature , should be implement in such that when user go to history section feature of this app , and user opened any case then generate  presentation outline section should not be present , only content editor and rest of the section should be present as earlier version. So , please also make sure , if there is need to change in firebase functionality as well to incorporate newly changes. 
One of the most important task is to craft prompt properly and add it properly with the existing prompt. 


 most of the feature is working fine except few. bug :- when contnet got generated , in        │
│    content editor , i am not able to select individual slide by clicking on checkbox, at the top │
│     there is called select section , after clicking on checkbox of select selection , then all   │
│    of the slide is getting selected. instead it should just show how many slide have been        │
│    selected . Second bug :- clicking on Add section , is opening a dialog box, but its content   │
│    is getting overflowed out of the Add new section box , try to keep inside the box and make    │
│    sure all are mobile friendly. 3rd bug :- after i clicked on add section at the first time     │
│    after using content generation feature , it only shows input field , then all of a sudden ,   │
│    new topic appears , but instead there should be loading animation showing new topic is being  │
│    loaded . 4th bug :- when we open any content generated case from history section and click on │
│     add section feature , then it keeps the previously generated topics when i used this feature │
│     at the first time which is as expected , but all of a sudden topic get refresh. so there     │
│    should be a button to generate new topic near cancel button , clicking on this button should  │
│    generate new topic and all previous topic should also be there , and make sure newly created  │
│    topic is different from the already present topic , so prompt need to take care of that as    │
│    well. 5th bug and most crucial bug :- after we selected the topic from this section , then it │
│     showing error as failed to load the new slide , so i guess content is not getting generated  │
│    from llm and in the console i am getting this error :- Failed to add slide : TypeError: Q is  │
│    not iterable  

 i think you need to fix a lot more thing , mostly prompt part and new error which is showing  │
│    up. So , when we click on the generate presentation outline , the new feature which u just    │
│    implemented , it is coming up with mutliple topic . But the problem is , when we click on     │
│    generate presentation , then slide is being generated using earlier method only , like the    │
│    way it used to generated earlier , like at first slide should be question and answer and      │
│    summary part , and then other slide should be based on the context from topic discussed in    │
│    clincial question . But as per new feature content should be generated from the topic which i │
│     have selected from the topic generated after clicking on presnetation outline feature. So    │
│    you need to check how prompt is being define , how slide generation is using saved answer     │
│    from firebase . because as per my understanding , the original flow is like , first ask       │
│    question then ai generate answer , and our app present user with question , answer and along  │
│    with reasoning , and all these generated answer is being saved in firebase in proper format , │
│     then when i click on generate presentation , then AI uses firebase storage and check for     │
│    question , answer and analysis along with reasoning and come up with new content in json      │
│    format , and this raw json format is being utilised in frontend of the app by slide editor    │
│    section to present the answer. So , you have to fix quite a big thing here , you need to      │
│    create a prompt for genrating presentatioon outline in such a way that first topic should     │
│    always be clinical question ,answer and analysis summary , and then next and subsequent topic │
│     should be abuout the clinical case which is being asked in the question . and then ,         │       
│    generate slide contnet should generate content only from the topic which user has selected in │       
│     generate presentation outline , generate slide should also make sure that if user has not    │       
│    selected the first topic that is quesiton, answer and summarise analyse , then generate slide │       
│     should not generate it , and if user has selected it then it should pickup question answer   │       
│    and analysis fromm the saved file in firebase , use that only to generate slide , for rest of │       
│     the slide it should generate from the selected topic. Bug :- now when i click on add section │       
│     in slide editor section then i client side error is happening and in console i am getting    │       
│    this error Uncaught TypeError: B.topics is not iterable. So please fix all above , this is    │       
│    quite a big task , you need to plan it out before fixing anything , becasue it will need real │       
│     knowledge of how ai workflow is being done currently in out app and how data is being stored │       
│     in firebase and how it is being used to generated new data , and you also have to make sure  │       
│    that new topic which is being generated in from the generate presentation outline section is  │       
│    being stored in firebase properly and add section part are also being stored properly , then  │       
│    only slide generator will be able to use it ot generrate the content . please plan it         │       
│    properly   